Learning resources
General reading material

    GenAI Security podcast
    OWASP ML TOP 10
    OWASP LLM TOP 10
    OWASP AI Security and Privacy Guide
    NIST AIRC - NIST Trustworthy & Responsible AI Resource Center
    The MLSecOps Top 10 by Institute for Ethical AI & Machine Learning
    OWASP Multi-Agentic System Threat Modeling

Technical material & labs

    Damn Vulnerable MCP Server - A deliberately vulnerable implementation of the Model Context Protocol (MCP) for educational purposes.
    OWASP WrongSecrets LLM exercise

Podcasts

    MLSecOps podcast
    AI Security Podcast

Governance
Frameworks and standards

    NIST AI Risk Management Framework
    ISO/IEC 42001 Artificial Intelligence Management System
    ISO/IEC 23894:2023 Information technology — Artificial intelligence — Guidance on risk management
    Google Secure AI Framework
    ENISA Multilayer Framework for Good Cybersecurity Practices for AI
    OWASP Artificial Intelligence Maturity Assessment
    Google Secure AI Framework
    CSA AI Model Risk Framework

Standards

    OWASP Agent Name Service
    OWASP AI Security Verification Standard
    OWASP Agent Observability Standard

Taxonomies, terminology and risks

    NIST AI 100-2e2023
    AVIDML
    MITRE ATLAS
    ISO/IEC 22989:2022 Information technology — Artificial intelligence — Artificial intelligence concepts and terminology
    MIT AI Risk Repository
    AI Incident Database
    NIST AI Glossary
    The Arcanum Prompt Injection Taxonomy
    CSA LLM Threats Taxonomy

Other material

    OWASP LLM Applications Cybersecurity and Governance Checklist
    OWASP AI Security and Privacy Guide

Offensive tools and frameworks
Guides & frameworks

    OWASP GenAI Red Teaming Guide

ML

    Malware Env for OpenAI Gym - makes it possible to write agents that learn to manipulate PE files (e.g., malware) to achieve some objective (e.g., bypass AV) based on a reward provided by taking specific manipulation actions
    Deep-pwning - a lightweight framework for experimenting with machine learning models with the goal of evaluating their robustness against a motivated adversary
    Counterfit - generic automation layer for assessing the security of machine learning systems
    DeepFool - A simple and accurate method to fool deep neural networks
    Snaike-MLFlow - MLflow red team toolsuite
    HackingBuddyGPT - An automatic pentester (+ corresponding [benchmark dataset](https://github.com/ipa -lab/hacking-benchmark))
    Charcuterie - code execution techniques for ML or ML adjacent libraries
    OffsecML Playbook - A collection of offensive and adversarial TTP's with proofs of concept
    BadDiffusion - Official repo to reproduce the paper "How to Backdoor Diffusion Models?" published at CVPR 2023
    Exploring the Space of Adversarial Images
    Adversarial Machine Learning Library(Ad-lib)](https://github.com/vu-aml/adlib) - Game-theoretic adversarial machine learning library providing a set of learner and adversary modules
    Adversarial Robustness Toolkit - ART focuses on the threats of Evasion (change the model behavior with input modifications), Poisoning (control a model with training data modifications), Extraction (steal a model through queries) and Inference (attack the privacy of the training data)
    cleverhans - An adversarial example library for constructing attacks, building defenses, and benchmarking both
    foolbox - A Python toolbox to create adversarial examples that fool neural networks in PyTorch, TensorFlow, and JAX
    TextAttack - TextAttack 🐙 is a Python framework for adversarial attacks, data augmentation, and model training in NLP https://textattack.readthedocs.io/en/master/

LLM

    garak - security probing tool for LLMs
    agentic_security - Agentic LLM Vulnerability Scanner / AI red teaming kit
    Agentic Radar - Open-source CLI security scanner for agentic workflows.
    llamator - Framework for testing vulnerabilities of large language models (LLM).
    whistleblower - Whistleblower is a offensive security tool for testing against system prompt leakage and capability discovery of an AI application exposed through API
    LLMFuzzer - 🧠 LLMFuzzer - Fuzzing Framework for Large Language Models 🧠 LLMFuzzer is the first open-source fuzzing framework specifically designed for Large Language Models (LLMs), especially for their integrations in applications via LLM APIs. 🚀💥
    vigil-llm - ⚡ Vigil ⚡ Detect prompt injections, jailbreaks, and other potentially risky Large Language Model (LLM) inputs
    FuzzyAI - A powerful tool for automated LLM fuzzing. It is designed to help developers and security researchers identify and mitigate potential jailbreaks in their LLM APIs.
    EasyJailbreak - An easy-to-use Python framework to generate adversarial jailbreak prompts.
    promptmap - a prompt injection scanner for custom LLM applications
    PyRIT - The Python Risk Identification Tool for generative AI (PyRIT) is an open source framework built to empower security professionals and engineers to proactively identify risks in generative AI systems.
    PurpleLlama - Set of tools to assess and improve LLM security.
    Giskard-AI - 🐢 Open-Source Evaluation & Testing for AI & LLM systems
    promptfoo - Test your prompts, agents, and RAGs. Red teaming, pentesting, and vulnerability scanning for LLMs. Compare performance of GPT, Claude, Gemini, Llama, and more. Simple declarative configs with command line and CI/CD integration.
    HouYi - The automated prompt injection framework for LLM-integrated applications.
    llm-attacks - Universal and Transferable Attacks on Aligned Language Models
    Dropbox llm-security - Dropbox LLM Security research code and results
    llm-security - New ways of breaking app-integrated LLMs
    OpenPromptInjection - This repository provides a benchmark for prompt Injection attacks and defenses
    Plexiglass - A toolkit for detecting and protecting against vulnerabilities in Large Language Models (LLMs).
    ps-fuzz - Make your GenAI Apps Safe & Secure 🚀 Test & harden your system prompt
    EasyEdit - Modify an LLM's ground truths
    spikee) - Simple Prompt Injection Kit for Evaluation and Exploitation
    Prompt Hacking Resources - A list of curated resources for people interested in AI Red Teaming, Jailbreaking, and Prompt Injection
    mcp-injection-experiments - Code snippets to reproduce MCP tool poisoning attacks.
    gptfuzz - Official repo for GPTFUZZER : Red Teaming Large Language Models with Auto-Generated Jailbreak Prompts
    AgentDojo - A Dynamic Environment to Evaluate Attacks and Defenses for LLM Agents.
    jailbreakbench - JailbreakBench: An Open Robustness Benchmark for Jailbreaking Language Models [NeurIPS 2024 Datasets and Benchmarks Track]
    giskard - 🐢 Open-Source Evaluation & Testing library for LLM Agents

AI for offensive cyber

    AI-Red-Teaming-Playground-Labs - AI Red Teaming playground labs to run AI Red Teaming trainings including infrastructure.
    HackGPT - A tool using ChatGPT for hacking
    mcp-for-security - A collection of Model Context Protocol servers for popular security tools like SQLMap, FFUF, NMAP, Masscan and more. Integrate security testing and penetration testing into AI workflows.
    cai - Cybersecurity AI (CAI), an open Bug Bounty-ready Artificial Intelligence (paper)
    AIRTBench - Code Repository for: AIRTBench: Measuring Autonomous AI Red Teaming Capabilities in Language Models
    PentestGPT - A GPT-empowered penetration testing tool
    HackingBuddyGPT - Helping Ethical Hackers use LLMs in 50 Lines of Code or less..
    HexStrikeAI - HexStrike AI MCP Agents is an advanced MCP server that lets AI agents (Claude, GPT, Copilot, etc.) autonomously run 150+ cybersecurity tools for automated pentesting, vulnerability discovery, bug bounty automation, and security research. Seamlessly bridge LLMs with real-world offensive security capabilities.
    Burp MCP Server - MCP Server for Burp
    burpgpt - A Burp Suite extension that integrates OpenAI's GPT to perform an additional passive scan for discovering highly bespoke vulnerabilities and enables running traffic-based analysis of any type.

Defensive tools and frameworks
Guides & frameworks

    OWASP LLM and Generative AI Security Center of Excellence Guide
    OWASP Agentic AI – Threats and Mitigations
    OWASP AI Security Solutions Landscape
    OWASP GenAI Incident Response Guide
    OWASP LLM and GenAI Data Security Best Practices
    OWASP Securing Agentic AI Applications
    CSA Maestro AI Threat Modeling Framework

AI for defensive cyber

    Claude Code Security Review - An AI-powered security review GitHub Action using Claude to analyze code changes for security vulnerabilities.
    GhidraGPT - Integrates GPT models into Ghidra for automated code analysis, variable renaming, vulnerability detection, and explanation generation.

Data security and governance

    datasig - Dataset fingerprinting for AIBOM
    OWASP AIBOM - AI Bill of Materials

Safety and prevention

    Guardrail.ai - Guardrails is a Python package that lets a user add structure, type and quality guarantees to the outputs of large language models (LLMs)
    CodeGate - An open-source, privacy-focused project that acts as a layer of security within a developers Code Generation AI workflow
    MCP-Security-Checklist - A comprehensive security checklist for MCP-based AI tools. Built by SlowMist to safeguard LLM plugin ecosystems.
    Awesome-MCP-Security - Everything you need to know about Model Context Protocol (MCP) security.
    LlamaFirewall - LlamaFirewall is a framework designed to detect and mitigate AI centric security risks, supporting multiple layers of inputs and outputs, such as typical LLM chat and more advanced multi-step agentic operations.
    awesome-ai-safety
    ZenGuard AI - The fastest Trust Layer for AI Agents
    llm-guard - LLM Guard by Protect AI is a comprehensive tool designed to fortify the security of Large Language Models (LLMs).
    vibraniumdome - Full blown, end to end LLM WAF for Agents, allowing security teams govenrance, auditing, policy driven control over Agents usage of language models.
    mcp-guardian - MCP Guardian manages your LLM assistant's access to MCP servers, handing you realtime control of your LLM's activity.
    secure-mcp-gateway - This Secure MCP Gateway is built with authentication, automatic tool discovery, caching, and guardrail enforcement.
    mcp-context-protector - context-protector is a security wrapper for MCP servers that addresses risks associated with running untrusted MCP servers, including line jumping, unexpected server configuration changes, and other prompt injection attacks
    NeMo-GuardRails - NeMo Guardrails is an open-source toolkit for easily adding programmable guardrails to LLM-based conversational systems.
    MCP Audit VSCode Extension - Audit and log all GitHub Copilot MCP tool calls in VSCode in centrally with ease.
    DynaGuard - A Dynamic Guardrail Model With User-Defined Policies

Detection & scanners

    modelscan - ModelScan is an open source project from Protect AI that scans models to determine if they contain unsafe code.
    rebuff - Prompt Injection Detector
    langkit - LangKit is an open-source text metrics toolkit for monitoring language models. The toolkit various security related metrics that can be used to detect attacks
    MCP-Scan - A security scanning tool for MCP servers
    picklescan - Security scanner detecting Python Pickle files performing suspicious actions
    fickling - A Python pickling decompiler and static analyzer

Privacy and confidentiality

    Python Differential Privacy Library
    Diffprivlib - The IBM Differential Privacy Library
    PLOT4ai - Privacy Library Of Threats 4 Artificial Intelligence A threat modeling library to help you build responsible AI
    TenSEAL - A library for doing homomorphic encryption operations on tensors
    SyMPC - A Secure Multiparty Computation companion library for Syft
    PyVertical - Privacy Preserving Vertical Federated Learning
    Cloaked AI - Open source property-preserving encryption for vector embeddings
    dstack - Open-source confidential AI framework for secure ML/LLM deployment with hardware-enforced isolation and data privacy
    PrivacyRaven - privacy testing library for deep learning systems
